This project was completed by Vienna Zhang in partial fulfilment of ECON-UB.0232, Data Bootcamp, Fall 2018. I certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project. In particular, I have:
Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own. The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or para- phrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography.
And I understand that:
Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden.
I acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for the project and course.

This project aims to analyze demographic, social, and economic markers in the 5 boroughs of NYC to figure out the factors that most influence income disparity within NYC. We also compare several of these markers to NY State as a whole and the United States. We hope to provide clarity to what drives income disparity in NYC. In conjunction with the American Community Survey, we experimented with looking into several aspects of dataframe, to find the possible relationship between New York City's Income Distribution between Race, Gender, Education, which are the reasonable hypothesis to draw to influence the income, due to various historical reasons.
